Update hwameistor/resources/expand (#5591)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/storage/hwameistor/resources/expand.md

## Manual Expansion

> 1. Access the proper cluster and navigate to **Container Storage** -> **Hwameistor**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the proper cluster and navigate to **Container Storage** -> **HwameiStor**
```

> 2. Click **Local Volumes** . In the local volume list interface, click **⋮** to perform the **Expand** operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Local Volumes** . On the right side of the local volume list, click **┇** and select **Expand** .
```

The three int-type fields `warningThreshold`, `resizeThreshold`, and `nodePoolUsageLimit` represent percentages.

- `warningThreshold` is currently not associated with any alert action. It serves as a target ratio, meaning that
  after expansion, the volume usage will be below this percentage.
- `resizeThreshold` indicates a usage ratio. When the volume usage reaches this percentage, the expansion action
  will be triggered.

> - `nodePoolUsageLimit` represents the upper limit of node storageclass usage. If the usage of a storageclass reaches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nodePoolUsageLimit` represents the upper limit of node StorageClass usage. If the usage of a StorageClass reaches
```
连起来需要用驼峰写法，参见 https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/
